One very important step in my pipeline is the computation of depth
maps. This step assumes, that we have two cameras. Each camera is
calibrated (i.e. we know its intrinsic/extrinsic parameters) and it
captures image of the scene. From this information (two images, camera
parameters), we want to compute depth image (also called depth map or
disparity map).

I already mentioned, I have implementation of an algorithm that
computes depth maps. I would like to replace it with better (existing)
one, called Semi-Global Matching by Heiko Hirscmueller. There are
several implementations of it, for example, one is here
http://lunokhod.org/?p=1403, but it is unofficial one. I just took
10sec and typed "semi global mathcing code" to google, and this was
the first hit :)

First, I would like you to google for the implementations, also check,
if algorithm is already avalible in OpenCV. The best would be to have
implementation of the author (if he provides one). When you identify
some implementations, check what kind of input it requires: image
format, should image be rectified/unrectified, camera parameter
format, etc., and note this down. The best would be to make list of
implementations (I don't know how many are there, I guess 1-3),
provide links, and some info (i.e. in which language is implemented,
inputs format, ...). Also list external libraries that some
implementation assumes.

The second step would be to try to make it work on KITTI dataset
(http://www.cvlibs.net/datasets/kitti/eval_stereo_flow.php?benchmark=stereo).
For that, you would have to compile the source code and potentially
adapt the input data to fit the format assumed by the implementation.

You don't really have to know how this algorithm works to do the task.
However, I am sending you quick overview of the method (first
document), I really recommend to read that. Second document is the
paper from 2005, if you are interested, you can read it, but its not
required for the task.
